feat(sentry): Refactored and added slices in Sentry store (#789)
getsentry/spotlight: .changeset/famous-dryers-sing.md

---

> '@spotlightjs/overlay': minor

Reviewer: This is a refactor and doesn't really add anything new, right?

```suggestion
'@spotlightjs/overlay': patch
```

---

> - Sentry Store Slices
> - fixes: #773: Added a helper for getting localTrces and removed redundant isTraceLocal helper

Reviewer: Remember that this is the user-facing side of changelogs, so maybe keep it simpler?

```suggestion
Refactor the data store for Sentry integration with slices
```
